Chapter 1

The monster appeared at midnight.  Just like them.
     Connor was awake when he arrived.
     He had a nightmare.  It is not a nightmare.  nightmare.  What he has
     Lots of recent ones.  Things are dark, windy and screaming.  Those who slip and fall no matter how well they hold it.  Always over the top - “Go” Connor sneaks into the darkness of the bedroom, trying to ward off the nightmare.  I try not to be noticed by the world.  "Go."
     She glanced at her mother's watch on the nightstand.  12.07.  0:07.  It must be late for school, late at night on Sunday.
     He didn't tell anyone about the nightmare.  Obviously not her mother, but someone else, her father, her grandmother or the school calls every two weeks (or about a week).  Absolutely not.
     No one needs to know what happened in this nightmare.
     Connor blinked loudly around the room and frowned.  He lost something.  He fell asleep and woke up a bit longer.  The nightmare was receding from him, but there was something he couldn't point a finger at - he listened quietly to hear the silence, but he and I could hear the quiet houses around him, the sky below or  the bed in the mother's room next to him.  The sound of buzzing, the sound of chips from time to time.
     No.
     So what?  What he noticed was something that woke him up.  Someone called her name.
     Conner
     He felt panicked, his internal organs were spinning.  Do you follow him?  Sort of walking
     In a nightmare?
     He said, "Don't be stupid."  "You are too old for a giant."
     he is.  He was 13 last month.  Monsters are for babies.  giant
     He was sleeping.  That giant for Connor.
     Again, Connor swallowed it.  It was an unbelievably hot October
     The window is still open.  Maybe the curtain was stuck in the wind, it looked like Connor.
     It's not the wind.  It was clearly a voice, but not a voice he knew.  Certainly not his mother.  It is not a woman's voice.  He wondered if his father had taken a surprise trip from the United States and it was too late to call or Connor.
     No, not his father.  This sound is of good quality, quality, wild and intact.
     Then he heard a big stick outside, like a big object walking on the floor.
     He didn't want to see it.  But at the same time, some want to see more.
     He stood up, pushed the envelope away, got out of bed and walked to the window.  In the faint moon, I could clearly see the church steeple on the hill behind his house.  The rail bends to the side, two hard steel wires shine.

     The night is dark.  The moon still shines in the cemetery near the church, which is full of tombstones and unrecognizable.
     Connor could also see a large Ichii tree rising from the center of the graveyard.  It is very old and seems to be made of the same stone as the church.  When her mom told her that she didn't eat any poisonous fruit at first, and started looking at their cooking, she knew it was crazy.  Last year a window with a funny expression on its face said, "It's a good tree."
     Then he heard her name again.
     Conner
     At that moment, he whispered in her ear.
     "What?"  Connor said, his heart beating very fast.
     applies.
     The clouds move in front of the moon, covering the whole scene in the dark,
     The wind was blowing from the mountain and rushing towards the room, moving the curtains.  He heard the sound of a tree vibrate again, moaning like a living being.
     After that, the clouds were cloudy and the moon shone again.
     Trees in the city.
     Now standing in the middle of his back yard.
     There are monsters here.
     As Connor sees it, the top of a tree branch
     A horrible face shone in his mouth, nose and eyes, staring at him.  The other branches get tangled up in each other, always squeeze, always complain.  It continues until the long arms and the second leg fall off the trunk.  The rest of the trees congregate in the spine and trunk, united by thin needle-like leaves, forming a green hairy skin that can move and breathe, as if there were muscles and lungs underneath.  Finished
     These monsters were already taller than Connor's windows, and as they gathered together they got wider and stronger.  He kept staring at Connor and he could hear the strong wind coming from his mouth.  He placed his big hands on either side of the window, lowered his head until the big eyes filled the frame, then let Connor stare at him.  Connor's house moaned from its weight.
     The monster has spoken.
     According to Connor O'Mary, what was blowing from Connor's window was some kind of heat, smell of compost, then blow his hair.  The voice was low and loud, and Connor, who was shaking very loudly, could feel the sound in his chest.
     I come to you, Connor O'Mary says the monster pushed the house, threw pictures off Connor's walls, and handed over books and electronics.  Old hairy rhino lying on the ground.
     Giant, Connor thought.  A real, honest and kind monster.  In fact, life is awakened.  Not a dream, but at the window.
     Come and get it.
     But Connor didn't run away.
     In fact, he knew he wasn't afraid.
     Everything he could feel, everything he had felt since the appearance of the monster had grown
     frustrated
     This is not the monster he expected.

     He said, "Then come get me."
     A mysterious serenity has fallen.
     What did you say Asked the giant.
     Connor crossed his arms.  "I said, then I came to get me."
     The monster paused, thundering with two fists.
     Home.  Connor's ceiling buckled under the heavy impact, revealing large cracks in the wall.  The wind filled the room and the air was full of monster rage.
     “Cry for anything you want,” Connor shrugged, barely screaming.  "I see something worse."
     The monster screamed loudly and smashed Connor's arm through his window, smashing glass, wood, and bricks.  The mower's hand pulled Connor in the middle and lifted him off the ground.  At night, he rushed from the height of the room above the backyard, pushing her into the moon circle.  His fingers gripped Conor's ribs tightly, barely breathing.  Connor could see the giant's mouth open, they were using rough, hardwood teeth and felt a hot breath rush towards him.
     After that, the monster stopped again.
     Are you scared
     “No,” Connor said.  "It's not yours anyway."
     The giant looked up.
     You said yes.  Before the end.
     The last thing Connor remembered was the monster screaming at him and eating him.
     He is still alive.
